****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Infrastructure Status
* Date: 	2009-09-14
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	John Eisenschmidt, Scott Oster		
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) October F2F Meeting
2) 1.4 Scope/Schedule
3) Identifiers
3) Vision Document for caGrid 2.0

Notes
-----
1) Scott needs to talk to the dev team and determine how many topics we need to discuss, who is planning to attend. He will at the Thu Dev call. 
2) CQL 2, Identifiers, Workflow Changes (Active BPEL), WebSSO, Tech Stack updates 
3) Scott was not on the call with Calixto, Denis, and Raghu, but they sound like they're trying to do something in the very near term. 

Action Items
------------
1) John will let Natasha know that we need another week to lock down topics and how much time we need. 
2) John will schedule a meeting with Santhosh either 9/25 or 9/28 to decide on next WebSSO. John needs to work with Larry to get an answer on BPEL. 
3) Scott should have a first draft in the next 2-3 weeks. 