****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Developer F2F
* Date: 	2009-08-20 9:30am - 4:44pm
* Venue:	OSU BRT
* Attendees: 	Scott, Steve, Shannon, David, Justin, Bill, Joe, Joshua, 
*		Manav, Ravi, Dinah, Wei, Santhosh, Larry, John
****************************************************************************

Agenda: https://ncisvn.nci.nih.gov/WebSVN/filedetails.php?repname=cagrid&path=%2Ftrunk%2Fcagrid%2FMeetings%2F200908_caGrid_Developer_F2F%2FAgenda.docx

Notes
-----
1) [Ravi] We'd like to drop support for BPEL (move to workflow discussion)
2) caGrid 1.3 Post Mortem:
	Went Well
	* [Scott] More formal interaction with QA, more thorough testing of Installer and graphical components	
	* [Joshua] Deprecation plan was helpful to NCRI
	* [John] Move to Confluence went well
	* [Joe] since moving to subversion and Hudson, we have point-and-click builds now which automates a lot
	* [David] Testing much improved across the board. Very few minor bugs.
	* [Manav] KC is a positive since they ramped up. With Portal out of mainline caGrid release, IVY has made integration easier.
	* [Wei] Security Supported in 1.3 but not CDS
	* [Shannon] Quality was much improved this time around, no major issues. 
	* [John] Full redeployment went well, including problem with Dorian update

	Could Improve
	* [Scott] Better communication of scope/schedule. Set scope for next release between code complete and delivery of new release.
	* [Ravi] 1.3.0.1 was a surprise. [Shannon] need rules [Scott] rules: 
		major (1.x -> 2.x) does not guarantee backwards compatible. 
		1.1 -> 1.2 is backwards compatible.  
		1.2.0.0 -> 1.2.0.1 is backwards and forward compatible. 
	* [Justin] KC would like to be in the loop earlier, help disseminate information sooner	
	* [Ravi] better internal communication
	* [David] Documentation: Users who want to implement very specific use cases that we end up reacting to. Can we anticipate?
	* [Manav] Not using central build and testing, should move over. Would be nice to add an integration grid (shadow copy of prod). 
	* [Wei] Eliminate 2 BPELs, documenting to 2 wikis
	* [John] Where Taverna has inputs to Ravi's development, We can do a better job setting expectations and communicating schedules
	* [Shannon] Could have planned better for the Installer and prioritized. Needs to be maintained/updated/improved. Usability could be improved across the board.
	* [Steve] Agrees on installer. More communication between Core/Portal/Workflow to take showcase each other's new functionality. Move to KC forums was a huge mistake, users have given their feedback: email notifications are not threaded and no link back to KC forum. Steve has received 10 emails that they won't participate because of forums. We have lost a big part of our user community. [Scott] bigger issue is that it was top-down mandated on the community without any input. 
	* [John] Outage window too long

	Feedback On:
	* [Larry] Documentation being wiki-only: [Scott] went well, [Ravi] no complaints yet
	* [Larry] Release Messaging: 1-2 weeks after 1.2, bug found in caArray and folks were concerned if that was worried. Suggest a meeting with Project Managers after that release. Suggest cross-XC call, CATs. 
	* [Santhosh] how is WebSSO being used, what are the use cases, what are their requirements, etc?
	* [Steve] KC Tech stack referendum. For bugs: gforge? jira? bugzilla?

3) Scope for Future Releases
 a) caGrid 1.4
    * Standardized CRUD for data services would be good policy for CATs to make.
    * Display Service URLs for Target Grids: could be an ant target, could be displayable in Introduce and GAARDS-UI. Also [Steve] thinks that Introduce and GAARDS-UI should allow changing target grid inside. 

 b) caGrid 2.0

4) Workflow
  * [Ravi] would like to release on its own schedule
  * Can we release/make product announcements for Taverna?

5) Portal
  * Demo of Portal 3.0 [Steve & Ravi] think this would work well for BIRN and will speak to them
  * Grouper groups might map to catalogue entries. [Steve] added a feature request in gorge
  * May work for CVRG (use case: communities of people), [Steve] will follow up since they have a developer to allocate
  * Infrastructure Needs
     Common Service Interfaces
	Service Metadata Update
	Access Control Management
	User Attribute Management
     New Features
	Dorian Account Management
	Person Disambiguation (in metadata)

6) Subversion
  * Suggested top-level Documentation, Core, Portal, Workflow, Incubator
  * [Joshua] prefers to keep documentation with code, but most folks prefer documentation separate.

7) Taverna Security

Parking Lot
-----------
1) [Ravi] CQL2 is a surprise to me. 
2) BDA - will discuss during svn refactor
3) Assertion Repository

Action Items
------------
4) [Larry] What is the future of Active BPEL? -> Avinash
5) [Larry] Elements in Enumated Value Domains not modeled correctly in caDSR, doesn't map to CDE for ICD9 code -> VCDE
6) Scott will create proposal and present at the next developer call