****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Infrastructure Status
* Date: 	2009-10-27
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	John Eisenschmidt, Scott Oster		
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) October F2F Meeting
2) 1.4 Scope/Schedule
3) SDK 4.2 Fix
4) Identifiers Meeting today about Specimen Identifiers. 


Notes
-----
1) Scott is looking into RDF for Identifiers, and Dave is looking into schema items we discussed for CQL 2.0. Santhosh found a Java service provider for Shib, scheduling a meeting with Scot/Steve to demo.
2) Scott: containers might be an issue, can support but might need to modify Globus code. Also, anything on Installer? Grid KC expressed some interest in updating.
3) Satish had an issue and sent Dave a new tag, but Dave found a few more issues since and sent those to Satish. 
4) TBPT meeting to determine if they want to use Grid Identifiers for Specimen Identifiers or not. 

Action Items
------------
2) John needs to socialize 1.4 and 2.0 scope/schedule with other PMs. John will talk to Larry about Installer.