****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Infrastructure Status
* Date: 	2009-09-21
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	John Eisenschmidt, Scott Oster		
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) October F2F Meeting
2) 1.4 Scope/Schedule
3) SDK/CSM
4) ISO 20190 Architect
5) SVN Repository Refactor
6) caGrid 2.0 Vision Document
7) Future of BPEL

Notes
-----
1) Sent a note to Natasha, waiting to hear back. 
2) Need to go through bugs and feature requests as appropriate for 1.4. GForge should be cleaned up within the next two weeks. 
3) Dave's fixes to CQL are in the 1.3 branch, Satish can checkout and build from there. Also need to fix Introduce to support SDK 4.2 data services. CSM: Scott suggest the KC build what needs to be built before 1.4 and we'll incorporate it later. Should probably have a call with them to discuss future integration. 
4) Scott volunteers to be the architect to assist the ISO 20191 project manager. 
5) Done
6) No progress yet
7) Ravi is getting estimates (labor and licensing) to keep BPEL by Wed 9/30. Larry and I will review with him then, and discuss with Avinash at the following Monday's meeting to get a decision. 

Action Items
------------
3) John will schedule a meeting with Scott, Satish, Justin, and David to discuss
4) John will update Libby Prince